leash-bio-ai
==============================

#### -- Project Status: [Active]

## Project Intro/Objective
The purpose of this project is to compete in the ["Leash Bio - Predict New Medicines with BELKA"](https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/leash-BELKA) competition on kaggle. The competition challenge is to develop ML models that predict the "binding affinity of small molecules to specific protein targets". The total dataset size is ~58 GB and consists of molecule structures in SMILES (string representation of molecule structure), the protein target name, and the target variable binds (binary indicating whether molecule binds to the protein.) This project is to be completed on local compute, due to the size of the data and potential model complexity this project will utilize dataset size reduction techniques, parallel processing in Dask, etc. 

### Methods Used
* TBD

### Technologies
* Python
* jupyter
* TBD


Project Organization
------------

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── Makefile           <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    ├── data
    │   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources.
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    ├── docs               <- All explanatory materials and documentation over projkect contents and methods
    │
    ├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         and a short `_` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `00_initial_data_exploration`.
    │
    │
    │
    ├── pyproject.toml     <- Dependency management file for project generated by poetry
    ├── poetry.lock        <- Generated from pyproject.toml, do not edit by hand
    │
    ├── leash_bio_ai       <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
    │   │
    │   ├── data           <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │   │   └── 
    │   │
    │   ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
    │   │   └── 
    │   │
    │   ├── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
    │   │   │                 predictions
    │   │   ├── 
    │   │   └── 
    │   │
    │   └── visualization  <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations
    │       └── 



--------

<p><small>Project based on the <a target="_blank" href="https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/">cookiecutter data science project template</a>. #cookiecutterdatascience</small></p>

Utilized a Data Science Readme [template](https://github.com/sfbrigade/data-science-wg/blob/master/dswg_project_resources/Project-README-template.md?plain=1). 
